After innocant old pacific woman got trempled by a "police" horse,
That innocant pacific protester using their basic amanded rights where assaulted with metal sticks by these "police" man.
When good citizen had water put into their gas tank,
and their only source of heat stolen in the coldest baren canadian winter.
when people still standed against governement overeach and tiranny despite the extream cold condition,
some having to traverse the whole country just to voice their peacefull oposition.
when these citizens standing against opression in the most peacefull and pacific way possible, during one of the most peacefull protest in the world,
despite the governement trying to tarnish them on the news, calling them slurs and insult trying to depict them as bad actor, convincing the rest of the illinform population
that these honest hard working canadian citizens, where not in their right, trying to confuse the populace about the true reasons of this pacific revolt. trying to paint them as nazi, misogine, sexist, racist, any thing that could discredit them or even antagonise them.
using unjustified war act to put an end to canadians basic right and completly undermining the chart of liberty.
This was the state of canada durring the said covid pandemic. and prime minister who has mention he admired china basic dictatorship.
now we have the repercusion of almost 10 years under this organisation, the inflation is at it's worst, young people can't afford living even less a home.

they always take it easy during the summer, cause even if some true patriots are whilling to brave the snow to stand aggainst opression, during the summer,
it is simpler for all canadians to take part in a revolt against opressive regime, this is why opression occure in the canadian winter.

Are things trully better now? no far from it.
laws that where put in place white the excuse of the covid crisis are still in place now that the said crissis is over,
bills after bills made canada into a china-2.0
with bill c-12 and bill-18 just to name a fiew, canadian internet is now a bubble
isolated from the rest of the world. we are now trapped.


